Mergre sort:
merge sort is devide and conquer alogo that:
divide the input array into two halves
recursively sort themmerge the sorted halves to produce the final sorted array.
 algo:
 divide the array into two halves until each subarray has 1 element.
 conquer by recursivly sorting the subarray.
 combine by merging two sortedd array into one.

  complexity:
  o(nlog n)

  space complexity:
  o(n)in every case.

quick sort:
quick sort is a divide and conquer sorting alogorithm -
- it picks an element as a pivot and partition the arrays around the pivot.
 algo:
 choose a pivot (usaally the element of the array).
  - partition THE ARRAY:  
       - move all elemeent smaller than pivot to left.
        - move all element grater tan pivot to right.
  place the pivot int this correct position 
  recusively apply the same logic for the left and right subarray.

  Time complexityo(nlog n) worst o(n^2)
space complexity o(logn)



Tree:
  tree structure is a hierachical structure that consist of node s connectes by edgs. it is widely used abstract data type that simulates a hieracal treee structure, with root value and subtree of children.
  Node:each element in tree is called n node. it contain a value or data.

  Root: the topmost node in the tree is called the root.
        -it is the only node that has no parent.

  Edge:The connection between nodes is called an edge.

  Child: A node is directly connected to another node which moving away from the root is called child.

  Parent: A node that has one or more child node is called a parent.

  Leaf: A node that does not have any child is called a leaf or terminal node.

  # tree traversing:
   there are mainly two type of traversing in a tree:
   1 DFS:Depth first Search it explore as far as possible along each branch before backtracking.
   2 BFS:Bredth first search explore neighbour moving to the next level,
   tyically using queue

    In DFS they are of three type:
    1 pre-order traversal
    2 inorder traversal
    3 post order traversal
  suntree:
  depth:
  height:
  level:














//merge two sorted array.
//stack notepad